fix(preset): add TS errors when preset is defined in types not used (#2536)
flint-fyi/flint: .changeset/witty-walls-mate.md

---
"@flint.fyi/core": patch
---

> fix(preset): add TS errors when preset is defined in types not used

Reviewer: Nit: doesn't match our changeset format guidelines.

```suggestion
Add TS errors when a preset is defined in types but not used.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix rule types to reinstate well-typed configurations
```
